The following is my rendition of the wireframe mock-up of the assessment. Some of the styles may not be 1-1, but I have tried my best to replicate the mock-up. It was my first time developing in React, and developing the components was a ton of fun, especially the charts. I did not use Redux since the data supplied to me was static, and I did not have to make any updates to the given data. If the data needed updates, insertions, or deletions I would have used Redux to manage the state of the data.
I made four components for this project: The Header, Left Product Panel, Chart Panel, and Table Panel. All of the values were inserted from the provided JSON file to make it robust for other types of similarly structured JSON. I transformed the JSON file into a JSON object and put that in my folder structure under src/products.

I used the Chart.js Library to implement the charts. The given legend in the charts is togglable. Clicking on each legend hides the selected line from the chart. I aggregated the weekly given data grouping them by months and displayed it in a line graph to see the monthly trends.

If I was given more time I would have visualized other relevant metrics. An interesting enhancement would be to give the user the option to configure the chart and the values in the chart. An additional enhancement would be to put pagination in the Product Display panel to display other products. I would have to modify the structure of the divs to dynamically consume different product data and change the logic of how the aggregation is done.

This project was a ton of fun to implement. I hope you all like the work I have done.